# moviecodecs
This is a fork of ffmpeg's libavcodec with hand-edited build scripts to create shared libraries with just a small subset.

The motivation behind this is that I just needed a few of libavcodec's decoders (specifically the Indeo ones), and didn't want to have to
include the whole 70MB DLL plus all the support DLLs, which would dwarf the rest of my project.

So this project builds a single DLL with all the dependencies included, and exports a simple wrapper interface.

The contents here are a clone of libavcodec and libavutil.
I went ahead and included the full set of codecs even though I'm just using a couple.
This way, if additional codecs are needed I won't have to hunt down the code.
It also ensures all the code is forked from the same revision.

To keep things quick & dirty, and since I only need to target Windows/macOS/Linux on x64/arm64, there are no makefiles or configuration steps.
Just run `makelib.cmd` to build on Windows (assumes MSVC components are in the path), or `makelib` to build on Linux/macOS.

Files that are normally generated by the full ffmpeg build process are kept in `libbuild`.
These are either hand-hacked or taken from a real build.

There is no provision at the moment for building any platform-optimized code. All the codecs I need are very old and I figure just building the C implementation will be sufficient.

To add/remove codecs, modify `libbuild/libavcodec/codec_list.c` to add to the list of codecs, then modify the build scripts to include/remove the necessary referenced files (and any dependencies).
